Add in airflow, dbt Cloud Provider into official ways to run dbt in production (#1194)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/running-a-dbt-project/running-dbt-in-production.md

### Using Airflow
If your organization is using [Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/), there are a number of ways you can run your dbt jobs, including:

> * Invoking dbt through the [DbtCloudRunJobOperator](link to production docs in airflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Invoking dbt through the [DbtCloudRunJobOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud/stable/operators.html).
```

Author: I also recommend adding a link for the astronomer registry: https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/dbt-cloud?type=Sensors&utm_campaign=Monthly%20Product%20Updates&utm_medium=email&_hsmi=208603877&utm_content=208603877&utm_source=hs_email

### Using Airflow
If your organization is using [Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/), there are a number of ways you can run your dbt jobs, including:

> * Invoking dbt through the [DbtCloudRunJobOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud/stable/operators.html). See the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/dbt-cloud?type=Operators) as an alternative to the official [Airflow Docs](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud/stable/operators.html)

Author: ```suggestion
* Invoking dbt through the [DbtCloudRunJobOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-dbt-cloud/stable/operators.html). See the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/dbt-cloud?type=Operators) to see an [example airflow DAG](https://registry.astronomer.io/dags/example-dbt-cloud) to get started!
```

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/running-a-dbt-project/airflow_dbt_connector.png" title="Airflow DAG using DbtCloudRunJobOperator"/>

Author: The images look great!
